---
published: true
layout: post
category: "hack-dev"
tagline: 3 days of breaking stuff
tags: 
  - learning
  - prose.io
  - jekyll
  - github
---

{% include JB/setup %}

## bl3rg, A New Post..featuring 3's

I've been twerking this whole Jekyll/GitHub Pages project on/off for 3 days ... so *bl3rg* is perfect. Testing prose.io again...OK, I think we're moving in the right direction now. I started by thinking that I wanted my custom domain to be the main GitHub(GH) `username.github.io` page and if I had any other projects in GH repositories - they could be referenced as `example.com/projects`, like a Jekyll blog. That ended up being a pain in the ass because the blog, as a project, gets updated more often than the homepage - and I found (I could have totally been doing this wrong) that I need to sync the project master branch to the gh-pages branch, when I would publish a blog post for example.

I ended up just putting the Jekyll blog as the homepage, http://joelarson.com and if I even make any projects, I'll refer to those with the strategy above. I messed around with other jekyllbootstrap themes, but I kept coming back to Twitter Bootstrap and Helvetica Neue,Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif ...what can I say? While I cherish originality and individuality, I simply like it best - for now.

3 Notes on prose.io: I'm not noticing a spell check in Chrome as I write this, so heads-up! 2) I had to add the `include JB/setup` line at the top of my posts **NOTE:** GitHub won't build your post if you include the parentheses+percent-sign tags that wrap `include JB/setup`, or something like that. and #3 Needed to remember to add the metadata to prose-posts, e.g.

`layout: post, category: writing, tagline: 3 days of breaking stuff, tags: - learning - prose.io - jekyll - github`  

Feels good to write again - prose.io thank you, it's definitely much easier. Need to get old .md blog posts migrated over, if there are any worth saving.